# TreasureHunt


My goal in the project was to implement the environment for the agent to learn. I had to also allow the agent to randomly make a decision and learn from those decisions, then update the state in order to continue learning on the rewards. I also needed to track the wins and losses, which was the reward for the agent. I also needed to store the learned decisions, and then call on those decisions so the agent can decide to explore or exploit in the maze environment. 

The code that I was given was the methods to build the maze which was the envrionemnt. I was also given the rates at which the agent continued to repeat decision making in order to learn to make more wins than losses. The neueral network that the agent used was given to me in order for the agent to train. The method to help with determining how good the decision is was supplied to help the agent learn. 

Computer scientist solve problems in a wider score when it comes to how somone uses a product and interacts with it. A computer scientist needs to think critically and outside of the box in a way a user is not thinking. As a computer scientist, you are not solving the problem for the present, but also thinking ahead about the future. In order to solve problems like a computer scientist, is first to actually understand the problem and determine what causes the problem in the first place. Then you would want to do research in behind the problem, in order to explore different solutions and compare different outcomes from efficiency and cost. Because computer scientist are solving problems for a range of issues, it's also important that ehtics are being practiced. Solving the problem is not for a personal experience, but impacting other as well and that is a hufe responsibilty. The computer scientist needs to be aware of their own personal views and imbedded biases when making decisions. It is important that work being done in not personal and preference, but actually backed by accredtied studies and facts in order to determing the impact on the user and the organization. 
